---
layout:       element
title:        Copy
date:         2015-07-09 00:00:00

categories:   elements
tags:
- atomic
- pattern
- copy

slug:         copy
scssurl:      "https://github.com/edx/ux-pattern-library/blob/master/_src/pattern-library/sass/components/_copy.scss"

description:  Examples of copy in a semi-real world context.

info: Copy encapsulates many of the basic text rendered in our content and UI elements. Basic style properties such as size, weight, line-height, and initial color are managed here.
---

<h3 class="hd-6 example-set-hd">Lead Copy</h3>
<div class="example-set">
    <div class="copy copy-lead">
        <p>Raised inside a geyser field, the port of Darkwell is home to vikings lead by Mrs. Chilson. This port wasn't built by a geyser field by accident, as it has rare resources, which is of great importance to the people of Darkwell and its success. (lead copy)</p>
    </div>

    <div class="copy copy-lead emphasized">
        <p>Raised inside a geyser field, the port of Darkwell is home to vikings lead by Mrs. Chilson. This port wasn't built by a geyser field by accident, as it has rare resources, which is of great importance to the people of Darkwell and its success. (emphasized lead copy)</p>

    <div class="copy copy-lead de-emphasized">
        <p>Raised inside a geyser field, the port of Darkwell is home to vikings lead by Mrs. Chilson. This port wasn't built by a geyser field by accident, as it has rare resources, which is of great importance to the people of Darkwell and its success. (de-emphasized lead copy)</p>
    </div>
</div>

<h3 class="hd-6 example-set-hd">Large Copy</h3>
<div class="example-set">
    <div class="copy copy-large">
        <p>Darkwell has a troubled economy, which is mainly supported by jewelcrafting, fishing and fletching. But their biggest strengths are intricate jewelcrafting and rare herbalism. However, Darkwell lacks people skilled in farming. (large copy)</p>
    </div>

    <div class="copy copy-large emphasized">
        <p>Darkwell has a troubled economy, which is mainly supported by jewelcrafting, fishing and fletching. But their biggest strengths are intricate jewelcrafting and rare herbalism. However, Darkwell lacks people skilled in farming. (emphasized large copy)</p>
    </div>

    <div class="copy copy-large de-emphasized">
        <p>Darkwell has a troubled economy, which is mainly supported by jewelcrafting, fishing and fletching. But their biggest strengths are intricate jewelcrafting and rare herbalism. However, Darkwell lacks people skilled in farming. (de-emphasized large copy)</p>
    </div>
</div>

<h3 class="hd-6 example-set-hd">Base Copy</h3>
<div class="example-set">
    <div class="copy copy-base">
        <p>Raised inside a geyser field, the port of Darkwell is home to vikings lead by Mrs. Chilson. This port wasn't built by a geyser field by accident, as it has rare resources, which is of great importance to the people of Darkwell and its success. (base copy)</p>
    </div>

    <div class="copy copy-base emphasized">
        <p>Raised inside a geyser field, the port of Darkwell is home to vikings lead by Mrs. Chilson. This port wasn't built by a geyser field by accident, as it has rare resources, which is of great importance to the people of Darkwell and its success. (emphasized base copy)</p>
    </div>

    <div class="copy copy-base de-emphasized">
        <p>Raised inside a geyser field, the port of Darkwell is home to vikings lead by Mrs. Chilson. This port wasn't built by a geyser field by accident, as it has rare resources, which is of great importance to the people of Darkwell and its success. (de-emphasized base copy)</p>
    </div>
</div>

<h3 class="hd-6 example-set-hd">Meta Copy</h3>
<div class="example-set">
    <div class="copy copy-meta">
        <p>Darkwell has a troubled economy, which is mainly supported by jewelcrafting, fishing and fletching. But their biggest strengths are intricate jewelcrafting and rare herbalism. However, Darkwell lacks people skilled in farming. (meta copy)</p>
    </div>

    <div class="copy copy-meta emphasized">
        <p>Darkwell has a troubled economy, which is mainly supported by jewelcrafting, fishing and fletching. But their biggest strengths are intricate jewelcrafting and rare herbalism. However, Darkwell lacks people skilled in farming. (emphasized meta copy)</p>
    </div>

    <div class="copy copy-meta de-emphasized">
        <p>Darkwell has a troubled economy, which is mainly supported by jewelcrafting, fishing and fletching. But their biggest strengths are intricate jewelcrafting and rare herbalism. However, Darkwell lacks people skilled in farming. (de-emphasized meta copy)</p>
    </div>
</div>

<h3 class="hd-6 example-set-hd">Micro Copy</h3>
<div class="example-set">
    <div class="copy copy-micro">
        <p>Darkwell has a troubled economy, which is mainly supported by jewelcrafting, fishing and fletching. But their biggest strengths are intricate jewelcrafting and rare herbalism. However, Darkwell lacks people skilled in farming. (micro copy)</p>
    </div>

    <div class="copy copy-micro emphasized">
        <p>Darkwell has a troubled economy, which is mainly supported by jewelcrafting, fishing and fletching. But their biggest strengths are intricate jewelcrafting and rare herbalism. However, Darkwell lacks people skilled in farming. (emphasized micro copy)</p>
    </div>

    <div class="copy copy-micro de-emphasized">
        <p>Darkwell has a troubled economy, which is mainly supported by jewelcrafting, fishing and fletching. But their biggest strengths are intricate jewelcrafting and rare herbalism. However, Darkwell lacks people skilled in farming. (de-emphasized micro copy)</p>
    </div>
</div>
